good
hello friends in today's tutorial I'm going
to show how we can get a
console and public
The first thing we should do is to get
on this website where I'll leave you a
link in the video description
you will have to look at the last one
there is his life exactly should we get out
in the 4th post since the other three are
links from web administrators
to give us information
the normal thing is that we see an icon
of shots and the work of the last
rise but since some user
share one we'll see how the icon will
it turns green and tells us online we access
she clicking on the link and we
we go directly to the final part
of the message where he tells us to quote for
leave a comment and let us see the
spoiler for this we should be
registered on the web if we can not
respond to the message once we finish
to write we click on answer and already
will show our response now we go up
at the beginning of the host and click on the
spoiler icon here is the
consolidate and we will only have to copy the
we mark the numbering and we give the
right and click on copy now
we must open the file with solidity
point txt and I will leave you in the description
if we replace one
on the other marking the old one and giving
to hit many of you will happen
that by copying and linking the web and not
the idea but do not worry this is
can solve in a very easy way
we return to the footprint is sometimes I
they let copy
we mark search and google will make us a
search and we can see that in the box
of search is our idea is also
we copy from here and this time yes we
let you copy it into the file once
let's finish hitting our idea
we will save the changes and we will
our file with solid point txt in
the root of our pendrive
now it only remains to connect our
pendrive in the usb slot on the right
in our ps3
once inside our console
we access assignables and press r3 to
copy our solidly to our ps3
we have already changed for this session the
console and now we only have left
protect our user as we do
provided that they are not worth it and we
our user to protect the console
we just have to have previously
loaded the game that we are going to use
loaded with solid manager or last and
from that to click on the button
triangle and we choose r2 now we go back to
press r2 to delete all the files
created in our console and sonny null
from this and we will be ready to
connect us in the pcm we will also be
protecting the solidly so that
late minus being banned but from this
way guarantees and have an idea
easily and more lasting as this is
all for today friends until the next
tutorial
d